>> This week on Gaia.
On a new "Deep
Space" season four--
>> They are interested in the
experiences that come along
with being human.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> The cosmic DNA is that
sleeping DNA within us.
It's that spark of God that
every single one of us has.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>> Everything led to CIA.
And it was at CIA when I
started learning more about what
is going on in the UFO field.
>> On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith--
>>REGINA MEREDITH: And Colonel
Corso said to me once, he said,
we weren't worried at
the Pentagon about those.
We knew what they were.
He said, we were worried
about who created them.
>> On the "Awakening
Conference"--
>> Here's a modern-day-story
story about the inner Earth
that's being totally suppressed.
>> On "The Other Side"--
>> Astrology is an early
model of the human experience,
linking us to the bigger
cosmos, which does exactly that.
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]